Today started with creating and ethernet cable for a client. Apparently I used the wrong 500 ft cable but there was no further instruction, and labels and inventory managemnet is non-existent. I incorporated classical music into the morning and it raised spirits around theshop significantly. There was something I started thining about after Jorge mentioned that he was going to stop working on one of the laptops after determining it was a GPU error. One- There has to be a time limit on these "Free" or limited cost Diagnostics: While these are going on the company is paying out hourly wages of the technicians who are working on it. The more techs that get involved the more Split their focus, and the more cost incrued by second and third opinions (eg. 1 person working on one computer @30/hr means it costs 30/hr tofix it, while 2 people working on it @30/hr each is 60/hr to fix it. Im not sure what the math on that is, but if it cuts the time tofix it maybe its worth it but it seems likea too many cooksin the kitchen situation where money is lost and instead of diagnosing the laptop properly it becomes a game of not steppingon anyones toes) Ideally theres a program in placeand the customer knows- we will have our entry level technician look at it and if he cant diagnose it in thirty minutes, we will have to do a mid level assesment which costs more, and if that doesnt solve it we call for (or have them sign off on the approval of) the advanced repair. We need to quote them for a certain amount and verify past a point. It might be too hands on, but something to think about. The on site labor is charged at varying rates-JM has a way of charging more than we are there for, onehour minimums and does "creative storytelling" as he calls it in order to legitimize staying for longer. I think I watched hiim corret himself after almost  charging someone blatanly untrue prices /time he hadbeen there. I was onsite and havent put in the tickets for the workI did today. There needs to be a way for that tobe automatically written up. Instead of spending time to do the work three times(create the ticket through typing, Do the labor, then update the ticket-ther has to be a more efficient way of getting things tracked. Voice to text? Ai fills in the cracksand polishesit based on standard rates and offerings.) There were a few trips today. The first was Jail busters- which was a no video afer boot problem- which seemed to be completely fixed by using the Display port (easy fix, use the display port instead of the HDMI). A quick install and then a bit of a time sink as I asked for the password and no one seemed to know what it was about so two people got involved- quick note to ALWAYS havethe username and password of the machines we take in) Next was the instillation of thepinkerton Ethernet cord. all of ten minutes. Then I went to Stephen Smith's house to install and setuphis printers. The150/hr rate he was charged was insane. I felt bad doing it to him espaecially because he was retires, and I was only seeing $34 of that $350 labor (50 trip charge, 2 hrs @150onsite labor) plus the $100 markup on the printer he bought. I think his printer was working perfectly fine, someone hadd just set it up wrong in the past. It feels like a moral gray area. The people are nice, and Jaimie doesnt offer education but rather a "I know this, you dont, pay me" approach. I think our customers would be far more happy and willing to recomend business if they had a rough understanding of things that were being done. After wards I was yelled at, yes yelled at and told that thepay would be up to me next time I forgot to take payment froma  customer. Not a good way of handling new trainees. After that I went to go drop off an updated system to a business that is connected to a Windows 10server, and has all win 10desktops. That being said, there was a work around needed due to the setup of them both interfering with each other and registry level edits had to be made. After Jaimie insisted he could solve it- he couldnt evena after I had taken all the steps he had taken. While he was talking to me he was also handling Support calls and became increasingly frustrated with me. He doesnt handle stress well and takes it out onothers around him. He insisted I learn to talk to the customers (the two nice ladies in the building i was installing the systems into) like babies and to never trust them since they were to be thought of to have the intelligence of babies. This is a terrible way to see the world, people, and one;s business for that matter. In a world where he believes your business is determined by your yelp reviews, the Customers did not have good things to say about him when he wasnt there. Namely the two ladies at the more hands maid service claimed hes gotten icer since I've been working with him and he is NEVER as nice as he was the day me and him came in and he was chatting with them. They said he would blame them for things, and make them feel bad whenever he came in. I assured them I do not agree with the way he ddeals with people and let them know I was doing my best to treat everyone with respexct and compassion in a business that wouldnt exist hadd everyone known how to do everything. After that I went to Ben Hock's house and helped him set up his yahoo mail on his mac. He was a great guy and after I had finished, I cleanedsome stuff off his screen that would routinely give him pop ups, as well as ccreated a rule that sent Junk straight to the trash to save him the clicks. He told me he was having trouble deleting his now deceased wife's email and manage it and i could see a kind of heartbreak that took a lifetime to understandd in his eyes. He looked at me and I felt it for a brief second as well, but in a way that even a  solar flare- in its power and beauty can never match the magnitude of the potential and kinetic energy that is the sun, even if we can all marvel at it by being in the right spot with the right equipment to tune in at the perfect time. I digress. I went to the shop, moved the car and went to my trivia night hostoing interview. 

End log.